hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the teen horror movie called
the faculty
warning guys spoiler alert
one evening at harrington high school in
ohio several teachers and the principal
leave after discussions about the
school's budget
having left her keys behind principal
valerie drake returns to retrieve them
in her office she is barred from leading
by coach willis who becomes increasingly
erratic
as she attempts to leave willis
impulsively stabs a pencil through her
hand
valerie flees to the entrance only to
find the door chained up and the drama
teacher mrs alson is outside
she retrieves her keys and grabs a pair
of scissors and is able to escape
outside mrs olsen emotionlessly grabs
the scissors and stabs valerie to death
the following morning the film's six
protagonist students are introduced
casey connor played by elijah wood the
dedicated but perpetually klutzy and
harassing photographer for the school
newspaper despiteful delilah prophet the
paper's editor-in-chief and head
cheerleader
delilah's mistreated boyfriend stan
rosado who is contemplating quitting the
school's football team to pursue
academics
zeke tyler an intelligent yet rebellious
student repeating his senior year who
sells among other illegal items a
powdery ecstasy-like drug he
manufactures and distributes
zeke is confronted by the timid miss
elizabeth burke who expresses concern
for him over his illegal activities
a naive transfer student from atlanta
maribeth louise hutchinson attempts to
befriend self-styled outcast stokley
mitchell despite the fact that delilah
has deliberately spread rumors that
stokes is a lesbian even though she has
a crush on stan maribeth on the other
hand develops a crush on zeke
while eating lunch on the football field
casey notices a strange creature in the
grass he takes it to science teacher mr
furlong where the specimen is examined
and believed to be a new species of
cephalopod specific parasite called a
mesozone
delilah takes casey into the teacher's
lounge to find a story for the front
page where they hide in a closet
they witness coach willis and mrs alson
assault the school nurse ms harper by
forcing one of the creatures into her
ear they also find the body of missy's
brummel casey and delilah flee and casey
calls the police
principal dre claims nothing is wrong
and that casey is seeking attention
the next day casey tells delilah stan
and stokely that he believes the
teachers are being controlled by aliens
after zeke and mariamath enter the
classroom and tease them about their
theory mr furlong confronts them
furlong suddenly becomes defensive and
attempts to infect them
zeke cuts off for long's fingers and
then injects his homemade drugs into
furlong's eye apparently killing him
zeke takes the five to his house where
he examines and experiments with casey's
specimen he discovers that it needs
water to survive and can be killed by
his drugs because is it diuretic zeke
makes everyone take some of his drone to
prove they are human and unaffected
delilah is revealed as infected and she
destroys zeke's lab and most of his drug
supply before escaping
acting on stokely speculation that
killing the queen alien would revert
everyone to normal the group returns to
the school that evening where their
football team is playing a game and
infecting opposing players believing
principal drake to be the queen they
isolate her in the gym and fatally shoot
her stando is outside and confronts the
coach and football team to see if it
worked but gets infected
zeke and casey go to zet's car to
retrieve more of his drugs
casey leads infected students away from
zech who encounters miss burke in the
parking lot and seemingly kills her when
he makes his escape
back at the gym stokley becomes
suspicious of maribeth during a
conversation about pretending to be what
one isn't
maribeth subsequently reveals herself to
be the alien queen earlier she faked
taking the drug casey and stokely flee
to the swimming pool where stokley gets
injured and becomes infected
zeke and casey hide in the locker room
where maribeth reverts to her human
disguise naked she explains that she is
taking over earth because her own planet
is dying mirabeth transforms back into
her true form and hurls zeke across the
room into several lockers knocking him
out casey seizes the drug and tricks the
queen into following him into the
retracting bleachers thus trapping her
casey then stabs the drug into the
queen's eye
the queen infects casey with her dying
breath but casey almost immediately
returns to normal upon the queen's death
the dead body of the alien queen
dissolves into powdered remains
casey returns to the locker room and
finds stokely and zika live
one month later everyone has returned to
normal
stan and stokely begin dating and zeke
takes stan's place on the football team
while miss burke affectionately watches
him practice
mr furlong has miraculously survived the
attack now sporting an eye patch and
bandages on his hand
casey begins dating delilah and has been
considered a local hero the end
make sure to comment below smash the
like button and subscribe thanks for
watching and see you again soon